[prometheus.exporter.windows] Fix default values (#1878)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/prometheus/prometheus.exporter.windows.md

exchange       | [exchange][]       | Configures the exchange collector.                | no
iis            | [iis][]            | Configures the iis collector.                     | no
logical_disk   | [logical_disk][]   | Configures the logical_disk collector.            | no
msmq           | [msmq][]           | Configures the msmq collector.                    | no
mssql          | [mssql][]          | Configures the mssql collector.                   | no
network        | [network][]        | Configures the network collector.                 | no
physical_disk  | [physical_disk][]  | Configures the physical_disk collector.           | no
printer        | [printer][]        | Configures the printer collector.                 | no
process        | [process][]        | Configures the process collector.                 | no
scheduled_task | [scheduled_task][] | Configures the scheduled_task collector.          | no
service        | [service][]        | Configures the service collector.                 | no
smb            | [smb][]            | Configures the smb collector.                     | no

> smb_client     | [smb_client][]     | (Deprecated) Configures the smb_client collector. | no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
smb_client     | [smb_client][]     | Configures the smb_client collector. | no
```

Author: I don't see an smb_client collector anymore:
https://github.com/prometheus-community/windows_exporter/blob/master/docs/collector.smb_client.md
Is it not deprecated?

Reviewer: The official name is [`smbclient`](https://github.com/prometheus-community/windows_exporter/blob/25d90212ce8a438e533b89ee98a7c6a3577ebb86/internal/collector/smbclient/smbclient.go#L18). 

https://github.com/prometheus-community/windows_exporter/blob/master/docs/collector.smbclient.md

Author: Ok thank you, I'll revert this change.

---------------|----------|--------------------------------------------------|-----------|---------
`app_exclude`  | `string` | Regular expression of applications to ignore.    | `"^$"`    | no
`app_include`  | `string` | Regular expression of applications to report on. | `"^.+$"`  | no
`site_exclude` | `string` | Regular expression of sites to ignore.           | `"^$"`    | no
`site_include` | `string` | Regular expression of sites to report on.        | `"^.+$"`  | no

User-supplied `app_exclude`, `app_include`, `site_exclude` and `site_include` strings will be [wrapped][wrap-regex] in a regex.

### logical_disk block

Name      | Type     | Description                               | Default   | Required
----------|----------|-------------------------------------------|-----------|---------
`exclude` | `string` | Regular expression of volumes to exclude. | `"^$"`    | no
`include` | `string` | Regular expression of volumes to include. | `"^.+$"`  | no

Volume names must match the regular expression specified by `include` and must _not_ match the regular expression specified by `exclude` to be included.

> User-supplied `exclude` and `include` strings will be [wrapped][wrap-regex] in a regex.

Author: @mattdurham @clayton-cornell @jkroepke Are you happy with this explanation? And would you be ok with me raising a "v2 breaking change" issue for removing this regex wrapping?

Reviewer: If you ask me, I would link against every `Regular expression` on each Description to make it clearly visible.

Author: That's a good idea, since we don't expect the wrapping to get in the way of users. It should be invisible, but we're documenting just as an FYI to users in case they experience something weird. @clayton-cornell, WDYT?

Reviewer 2: Linked the way it is now it's fairly clear to me on reading it all through and following the link to the regex explanation...

Author: I like how the current explanation clearly states "this is wrapped in this", and I wish I could say it clearly in the table itself in a concise way. I can't think of a concise way to do it though, so let's just merge it as it is since it's more clear.

> User-supplied `exclude` and `include` strings will be [wrapped][wrap-regex] in a regex.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
User-supplied `exclude` and `include` strings will be [wrapped][wrap-regex] in a regular expression.
```

### smb block

Name           | Type           | Description                  | Default | Required
---------------|----------------|------------------------------|---------|---------

> `enabled_list` | `list(string)` | A list of collectors to use. | `[]`    | no

Reviewer: The collect is not deprecated. And there are no plan to deprecate it. Only the option `enabled_list` where removed, because there was only one sub-collector which make the whole flag pointless.

> `enabled_list` | `list(string)` | A list of collectors to use. | `[]`    | no

Author: Thank you, I brought back the "deprecated" note for `enabled_list` in the `smb` block.

`prometheus.exporter.windows` does not expose any component-specific
debug metrics.

[wrap-regex]: #wrapping-of-regex-strings

> ## Wrapping of regex strings

Reviewer: I recommend to add some notes and example and consequences here.

Regex as case sensitive. For case in sensitive match, use `(?i)` as prefix. 

Secondly, an example for the regex wrapping

Normally, a regex like `e.*` would match `email` and `design`. To avoid that, all regex are wrapped (as explained). If the original behavior is required, `.*` must be used as prefix, `.*e.*` would  `email` and `design` again.

Reviewer: > BTW according to [regex101.com](https://regex101.com/), e.* matches esign whereas ^(?:.*e.*)$ matches design - so they are not exactly equivalent?

But alloy wraps `e.*` into `^(?:e.*)$` which would not match design anymore. 

Ref: https://go.dev/play/p/yf5gxEZ3oeZ

Author: I could add this note?
```
{{< admonition type="note" >}}
The wrapping may change the behaviour of your regex.
For example, the `e.*` regex would normally match both the "service" and "email" strings.
However, `^(?:e.*)$` would only match "email".
{{< /admonition >}}
```

`prometheus.exporter.windows` does not expose any component-specific
debug metrics.

[wrap-regex]: #wrapping-of-regex-strings
## Wrapping of regex strings

Some collector blocks such as [scheduled_task][] accept a regular expression as a string argument.

> `prometheus.exporter.windows` will prefix some regex string arguments with `^(?:` and will suffix them with `)$`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`prometheus.exporter.windows` will prefix some regular expression string arguments with `^(?:` and will suffix them with `)$`.
```

For example, if a user sets an `exclude` argument to `".*"`, Alloy will set it to `"^(?:.*)$"`.

> To find out if a particular regex argument will be wrapped, refer to the collector block documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To find out if a particular regular expression argument will be wrapped, refer to the collector block documentation.
```

Which block doc? Any based on whatever block they are using or a specific block?

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> The wrapping may change the behaviour of your regex.
> For example, the `e.*` regex would normally match both the "service" and "email" strings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The wrapping may change the behaviour of your regular expression.
For example, the `e.*` regular expression would normally match both the "service" and "email" strings.
```
